= Doa (the tester)

== Introduction

Doa provides macros that makes Rails' controller specs more understandable and
drier. It provides methods to provide the context for a controller's action,
the params to be used in a given context, and the means to easily call the
action using those params.


== Usage

Use `rake rdoc` to generate the RDocs which provides a complete example in the
Doa module. You can run the specs, which are by example, with `rake spec`.


== Example

  require 'doa'

  Doa.install!
  Doa.default_url_params = { :format => 'xml' }

  describe Controller do
    action :show do
      params do
        { :id => 123 }
      end

      it "does something" do
        doa(:page => 1)
      end
    end
  end


== Legal

=== Copyright

Copyright (C) 2009 SemanticGap(R)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


=== Trademarks

SemanticGap is a registered trademark of Nolan Eakins. All
rights reserved.

